Alt Text Inclusions (#718)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/configuration/system.ftpServer/security/authentication/denyByFailure.md

2. In the **Connections** pane, select the server.
3. In the **Home** pane, double-click the **FTP Logon Attempt Restrictions** feature.  
  

>     [![Screenshot of the Enable F T P Logon Attempt Restrictions, Maximum number of failed login attempts, and time period in seconds fields.](denyByFailure/_static/image2.png)](denyByFailure/_static/image1.png)

Reviewer: @MeeraDi  it's more efficient for everyone to use the suggestions icon to suggest new text. That what the owner can just click "Add to batch" and at the end "Commit".

>     [![Screenshot of the Enable F T P Logon Attempt Restrictions, Maximum number of failed login attempts, and time period in seconds fields.](denyByFailure/_static/image2.png)](denyByFailure/_static/image1.png)

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3605364/159599423-ba6fae31-123c-4b10-87fb-821fc5715887.png)

>     [![Screenshot of the Enable F T P Logon Attempt Restrictions, Maximum number of failed login attempts, and time period in seconds fields.](denyByFailure/_static/image2.png)](denyByFailure/_static/image1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [![Screenshot of the Enable FTP Logon Attempt Restrictions, Maximum number of failed login attempts, and time period in seconds fields.](denyByFailure/_static/image2.png)](denyByFailure/_static/image1.png)
```

Reviewer: <img width="269" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3605364/159599486-9c59cfb6-b0d1-4107-b101-66e9e5c8dc11.png">

<img width="283" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3605364/159599504-5effa6bd-8717-4313-93cb-2ad33035413b.png">
